README.md, before:

[![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/afkarxyz/SpotiFLAC/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/afkarxyz/SpotiFLAC/releases)

<!-- ![Maintenance](https://maintenance.afkarxyz.fun?v=3) -->

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a6e92fdd-2944-45c1-83e8-e23a26c827af)

<div align="center">

Get Spotify tracks in true FLAC from Tidal, Qobuz & Amazon Music — no account required.

![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-10%2B-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI1MTIiIGhlaWdodD0iNTEyIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjAgMjAiPjxwYXRoIGZpbGw9IiNmZmZmZmYiIGZpbGwtcnVsZT0iZXZlbm9kZCIgZD0iTTIwIDEwLjg3M1YyMEw4LjQ3OSAxOC41MzdsLjAwMS03LjY2NEgyMFptLTEzLjEyIDBsLS4wMDEgNy40NjFMMCAxNy40NjF2LTYuNTg4aDYuODhaTTIwIDkuMjczSDguNDhsLS4wMDEtNy44MUwyMCAwdjkuMjczWk02Ljg3OSAxLjY2NmwuMDAxIDcuNjA3SDBWMi41MzlsNi44NzktLjg3M1oiLz48L3N2Zz4=)
![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-10.13%2B-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-Any-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=white)

<a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/15737" target="_blank"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/15737" alt="afkarxyz%2FSpotiFLAC | Trendshift" style="width: 250px; height: 55px;" width="250" height="55"/></a>

</div>

### [Download](https://github.com/afkarxyz/SpotiFLAC/releases)

## Screenshot

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eba25a4a-0eb9-4d88-9646-80c7658a7de6)

## Other projects

### [SpotiDownloader](https://github.com/afkarxyz/SpotiDownloader) 
Get Spotify tracks in MP3 and FLAC via the spotidownloader.com API.

### [SpotubeDL](https://spotubedl.com)
Download Spotify Tracks, Albums, Playlists as MP3/OGG/Opus with High Quality.

### [SpotiFLAC (Mobile)](https://github.com/zarzet/SpotiFLAC-Mobile)
SpotiFLAC for Android & iOS — maintained by [@zarzet](https://github.com/zarzet)

## FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)

### Is this software free?

_Yes. This software is completely free.
You do not need an account, login, or subscription.
All you need is an internet connection._

### Can using this software get my Spotify account suspended or banned?

_No.
This software has no connection to your Spotify account.
Spotify data is obtained through reverse engineering of the Spotify Web Player, not through user authentication._

### Where does the audio come from?

_The audio is fetched using third-party APIs._

### Why does metadata fetching sometimes fail?

_This usually happens because your IP address has been rate-limited.
You can wait and try again later, or use a VPN to bypass the rate limit._

### Why does Windows Defender or antivirus flag or delete the file?

_This is a false positive.
It likely happens because the executable is compressed using UPX._

_If you are concerned, you can fork the repository and build the software yourself from source._

### Want to support the project?

_If this software is useful and brings you value,
consider supporting the project by buying me a coffee.
Your support helps keep development going._

[![Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/afkarxyz)

## Disclaimer

This project is for **educational and private use only**. The developer does not condone or encourage copyright infringement.

**SpotiFLAC** is a third-party tool and is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or connected to Spotify, Tidal, Qobuz, Amazon Music, or any other streaming service.

You are solely responsible for:
1. Ensuring your use of this software complies with your local laws.
2. Reading and adhering to the Terms of Service of the respective platforms.
3. Any legal consequences resulting from the misuse of this tool.

The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. The author assumes no liability for any bans, damages, or legal issues arising from its use.

## API Credits

- **Tidal**: [hifi-api](https://github.com/binimum/hifi-api)
- **Qobuz**: [dabmusic.xyz](https://dabmusic.xyz), [squid.wtf](https://squid.wtf)
- **Amazon Music**: [doubledouble.top](https://doubledouble.top), [lucida.to](https://lucida.to)

> [!TIP]
>
> **Star Us**, You will receive all release notifications from GitHub without any delay ~

Commit message:

feat: Implement parallel downloads with rate limit handling

README.md, after:

[![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/afkarxyz/SpotiFLAC/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/afkarxyz/SpotiFLAC/releases)

<!-- ![Maintenance](https://maintenance.afkarxyz.fun?v=3) -->

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a6e92fdd-2944-45c1-83e8-e23a26c827af)

<div align="center">

Get Spotify tracks in true FLAC from Tidal, Qobuz & Amazon Music — no account required.

![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-10%2B-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI1MTIiIGhlaWdodD0iNTEyIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjAgMjAiPjxwYXRoIGZpbGw9IiNmZmZmZmYiIGZpbGwtcnVsZT0iZXZlbm9kZCIgZD0iTTIwIDEwLjg3M1YyMEw4LjQ3OSAxOC41MzdsLjAwMS03LjY2NEgyMFptLTEzLjEyIDBsLS4wMDEgNy40NjFMMCAxNy40NjF2LTYuNTg4aDYuODhaTTIwIDkuMjczSDguNDhsLS4wMDEtNy44MUwyMCAwdjkuMjczWk02Ljg3OSAxLjY2NmwuMDAxIDcuNjA3SDBWMi41MzlsNi44NzktLjg3M1oiLz48L3N2Zz4=)
![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-10.13%2B-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-Any-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=white)

<a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/15737" target="_blank"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/15737" alt="afkarxyz%2FSpotiFLAC | Trendshift" style="width: 250px; height: 55px;" width="250" height="55"/></a>


</div>

## ⚡ What's New in This Fork

This fork introduces significant performance improvements over the original:

- **Parallel Downloads**: Download multiple tracks simultaneously (configurable 1-3 concurrent downloads).
- **Smart Rate Limiting**: Automatic fallback system that detects API limits and adjusts concurrency on the fly to prevent failures.
- **Worker Pool Architecture**: Efficiently manages download slots to maximize speed without overwhelming the APIs.
- **UI Enhancements**: New settings controls and safety warnings for high-concurrency modes.


### [Download](https://github.com/afkarxyz/SpotiFLAC/releases)

## Screenshot

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eba25a4a-0eb9-4d88-9646-80c7658a7de6)

## Other projects

### [SpotiDownloader](https://github.com/afkarxyz/SpotiDownloader) 
Get Spotify tracks in MP3 and FLAC via the spotidownloader.com API.

### [SpotubeDL](https://spotubedl.com)
Download Spotify Tracks, Albums, Playlists as MP3/OGG/Opus with High Quality.

### [SpotiFLAC (Mobile)](https://github.com/zarzet/SpotiFLAC-Mobile)
SpotiFLAC for Android & iOS — maintained by [@zarzet](https://github.com/zarzet)

## FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)

### Is this software free?

_Yes. This software is completely free.
You do not need an account, login, or subscription.
All you need is an internet connection._

### Can using this software get my Spotify account suspended or banned?

_No.
This software has no connection to your Spotify account.
Spotify data is obtained through reverse engineering of the Spotify Web Player, not through user authentication._

### Where does the audio come from?

_The audio is fetched using third-party APIs._

### Why does metadata fetching sometimes fail?

_This usually happens because your IP address has been rate-limited.
You can wait and try again later, or use a VPN to bypass the rate limit._

### Why does Windows Defender or antivirus flag or delete the file?

_This is a false positive.
It likely happens because the executable is compressed using UPX._

_If you are concerned, you can fork the repository and build the software yourself from source._

### Want to support the project?

_If this software is useful and brings you value,
consider supporting the project by buying me a coffee.
Your support helps keep development going._

[![Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/afkarxyz)

## Disclaimer

This project is for **educational and private use only**. The developer does not condone or encourage copyright infringement.

**SpotiFLAC** is a third-party tool and is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or connected to Spotify, Tidal, Qobuz, Amazon Music, or any other streaming service.

You are solely responsible for:
1. Ensuring your use of this software complies with your local laws.
2. Reading and adhering to the Terms of Service of the respective platforms.
3. Any legal consequences resulting from the misuse of this tool.

The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. The author assumes no liability for any bans, damages, or legal issues arising from its use.

## API Credits

- **Tidal**: [hifi-api](https://github.com/binimum/hifi-api)
- **Qobuz**: [dabmusic.xyz](https://dabmusic.xyz), [squid.wtf](https://squid.wtf)
- **Amazon Music**: [doubledouble.top](https://doubledouble.top), [lucida.to](https://lucida.to)

> [!TIP]
>
> **Star Us**, You will receive all release notifications from GitHub without any delay ~
